docs(api): add notes about authorization differences (#7613)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/tasklist/api-versions.md

For detailed configuration options, including YAML configuration, see the [Tasklist configuration guide](/self-managed/components/orchestration-cluster/tasklist/tasklist-configuration.md#tasklist-api-mode-configuration).
:::

### Authorization differences

> While Tasklist V2 uses fine-grained [authorization-based access control](../concepts/access-control/authorizations.md), accessing resources in Tasklist V1 API mode requires wildcard authorizations. More details for authorization changes in the V1 API can be found in the [migration guide](../../apis-tools/migration-manuals/migrate-component-apis.md#mapping-tasklist-permissions-to-new-authorizations). When switching between V1 and V2 mode, ensure authorizations are adjusted accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tasklist V2 uses fine-grained [authorization-based access control](../concepts/access-control/authorizations.md). In Tasklist V1 API mode, access to resources requires wildcard authorizations.

For details about authorization changes in the V1 API, see the [migration guide](../../apis-tools/migration-manuals/migrate-component-apis.md#mapping-tasklist-permissions-to-new-authorizations).

When switching between V1 and V2 mode, review and update authorizations to match the active mode.
```
